One of the points necessary to calibrate the size of this image.Accuracy in locating this point determines the accuracy of your final measurement.
One of the points necessary to calibrate the size of this image.Accuracy in locating this point determines the accuracy of your final measurement.
Highest point of the ear canal;mostsuperior point of the external auditory meatus.
Lowest point of the roof of orbit;mostinferior point of the externalborder of the orbital cavity.
Inetersection of the inferior border of the formen rotundum with the posterior wall of the pterygomaxillary fissure.
Center of the piyuitary fossa of the sphenoid bone.
Intersection of the internasal suture with the nasofrontal suture in the midsagittal plane.
Most inferior posterior point of  the occipital bone at the anterior margin of the occipital foramen.
Most anterior point on the frontal bone.(Krogman&Sassouni,1957)
Soft tissue profile's most concave point at the bridge of the nose.
Mid-point from soft tissue Nasion to Tip of Nose;first contour encountered along the length of the profilr on the nose.
Pronasale.Point of the anterior curve of the nose.
Point where the nose connects to the center of upper lip.
Soft tissue point A;most concave point between subnasale and the anterior point of the upper lip.
Most anterior point on the curve of the upper lip.
Most inferior point on the curva of the upper lip.
Most superior point on the curve of the lower lip.
Most anterior point on the curve of the lower lip.
Most concave point between the lower lip and the soft tissue chin.
Point on the anterior curve of soft tissue chin.
The midpoint between the most anterior and inferior points of the soft tissue chin in the midsagittal plane(Spiro J.Chacones,1980)
The most inferior point of the soft tissue chin.
Intersection of lines tangent to the neck and the throat.
Most posterior point in the concavity along te anterior border of the symphysis.
Most anterior point on the mid-sagittal symphysis.
Midpoint between the most anterior and inferior point on the bony chin.(Brodie,1941)
Most inferior point of the symphysis.
Location depends on analysis:1)most convex point along the inferior border of the Ramus;or,2)most convex point where the posterior inferior curve of the ramus meet.
Most posterior point up the border of the ramus.
Most concave point on the interior of the ramus.Used to locate Xi point.
Most inferior border along the top of the ramus.Used to locate Xi point.
Posterior border of the neck of the condyle.
Most posterior superior point ofthe condyle.
Deepest point of the curve of the maxilla,between anterior nasal spine(ANS) and the dental alveolus.
The tip of the anterior nasal spine.
Tip of the posterior nasal spine.
Mesial cusp tip of the maxillary molar.
Mesial buccal cusp tip of the mandibular molar.
Distal surface of the upper first molar,perpendicular to the occlusal plane.
Mesial surface of the upper first molar,perpendicular to the occlusal plane.
Distal surface of the lower first molar,perpendicular to the occlusal plane.
Mesial surface of the lower first molar,perpendicular to the occlusal plane.
Labial cemento-enamel junction(CEJ) of the lower central incisor.
Tip of the lower central incisor.
Root apex of the lower central incisor.
Lingual cemento-enamel junction(CEJ) of the lower central incisor.
Labial cemento-enamel junction(CEJ) of the upper central incisor.
Incisal tip of the upper central incisor.
Root apex of the upper central incisor.
Lingual cemento-enamel junction(CEJ) of the upper central incisor.
This is the end of the landmarklist to digitize.If you are finished simply hit "OK" now.